He's guilty.
Distinguished guests
Aren't you curious?
What exactly is in this coffin?
Don't listen to their lies
What nonsense
Take it away from me
Elder Sweeping Wei
Say something, wait a minute
The three of us
Many Lin's rich children
The three oldest seniors
Today I will sell my old age
All of us here are going to do justice
Miss Cherry
As a high-ranking member of the Lin's consortium
Facing the following doubts
Are you
It shouldn't be done in the happiest way
To solve the problem?
Gone from the old
Since everyone here doubts your identity
Then open the coffin
Show everyone what's in the coffin
Leave a message
It will be unfair and self-destructive
What do you think?
So, yeah, that makes sense.
Miss Leader
Open it and take a look.
If it's really my sister's body inside
Never let them open
My sister is still alive
Never let them insult
Miss Lin
Is it time for you to say something?
Of course he wouldn't
Because it's in here
She is the real Miss Lin Mansion
Also my real wife